Linguistical consistency is an important part
of projects of any type of work. Documentation,
project names, comments and anything literate
should be written, before translation, in one
language of one variant, with a consistent
style both in spelling and typography.

For GNU/Pony we have selected the British
English, which is outside America accepted as
an international language and its taught in
schools. For spelling, -ise is prefered over
-ize, but, beware that some words can only be
correctly spelled with -ize.

Before and while working on documentation, you
should read:

http://ec.europa.eu/translation/english/guidelines/documents/styleguide_english_dgt_en.pdf

This is important as writing style difference
between languages as well as variants of
languages, for example quotations are done
mutally differently in American English,
British English, Swedish and German.

It might seem pedantic. But have you ever
read a book written by at least two authors
that do not both live in the same, English
speaking, country? Many ponies that have, and
knows the differences between variants of
English notices this, and for some it gives
an impression of lack of professionalism.
Other may even find it a bit confusing,
including those that do only know one of the
used variants.

